MATE QuickDrawer Applet
Compile and Install instructions


== DEPENDENCIES ==

You will need the gnome panel development packages for your platform. On Ubuntu, use
the following command:

sudo apt-get install libmate-menu-dev libgtk2.0-dev libmatepanelapplet
make
sudo make install

Beyond that, I don't know of any additional libraries that are required. That seemed
to get the job done on this computer. While I've managed to get it built and working
on SUSE, I don't have the pacjage lists. They weren't all that hard to find; they're
in fact quite similar to Ubuntu's above. Maybe I'll update this later with the exact
package names.


== BUILDING ==

If you wish to just build (but not install) quickdrawer, a simple call to make will
suffice. You can place the server file and other resources under the 'res' directory
where needed on your platform.



== INSTALLING ==

Assuming your installation is standard, the makefile (in accordance with the latest
defacto standard) can install the applet for you automatcally. Once you install the
dependencies, call `make` to build, then `sudo make install` to install.

sudo apt-get install 
 
sudo make install

If that command fails on your system, feel free to leave an artifact on the project's
bug tracker and I will deal with it as I am able.


== ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS ==

Special thanks to Tristan from #GTK+ on irc.gnome.net for his help in working through
odd behaviors and missing documentation in GNOME, and specoal thanks as well to juhaz
from ##GNOME on irc.freenode.net. Thanks also to stefano-k and xpander69 at #mate for
help porting over from GNOME. Finally, thanks to anyone else that recommended me some
particular method of doing something along the way.

I remorselessly stole some code for highlighting (increasing the brightness of) pixel
buffers as done in default GNOME Launchers from the gnome-quick-lounge applet. Thanks
both to the original author of that code, and to the author of the gnome-quick-lounge
applet for facilitating the easy acquisition of the code.

And lastly, thank you to the author of the implementation of gtk_tree_model_iter_prev
I use in preferences.c. I do not actually know where the code came from (I believe it
was from Totem) as it was scavenged from a Google search for gtk_tree_model_iter_prev
coupled with the word "void".
